Goals
1. Make the program Modular - not complex
2. Make the system scalable 
3. 


Ideas for image based search
1. Use SIFT detector for each image - in the region where the shirt is

2. Make a file for each image - 
containing the features - 
	Features- For detection among shirts
	a. Text Boolean 
	Text on the shirt or not 
	b. Most predominant color - decide on the basis of Hue
	c. Percentage of 3-4 most predominant colors
	d. Use skeletalisation and Roundedness to differentiate between a shirt and t shirt
	e. Assume a Lambertian model - i.e extract the Lambertian out of the image to compare
	f. Collar - type - hood/Collar/No Collar
	g. Sift Features of the shirt in the image

3. Read all files and make have that values stored while running the program
-ves - a. Not scalable - Memory overflow when there are a lot of images

4 Comparing images in different exposures - focus only on color and not on intensity - Intensity is a LIAR

5 To separate gender T shirts can use the following
a. Smaller sleeves in Tshirts of females
b. smaller width of sleeves in female shirts compared to males

6. Can use k nearest neighbors to select the image and give vote according to the distance from the query image. Make a kD tree - 

7. Cannot do a linear search for all features - not scalable. Solution - better use a kd tree or an efficient data structure 

8 Detector
a. SIFT
b. MSER - Maximally stable extremal region
c. SURF 
d. FAST 
Mikolajczyk et al. 2005; Mikolajczyk and Schmid 2005; Tuytelaars and Mikolajczyk
2008; Li and Allinson 2008] for comprehensive reviews and comparisons of these detectors.
e. GIST 

9 Can use bag of words approach - convert an image to a bag of words , annotate each image query and search for images with similar index words - 
Negative - Looses spatial information - like position of sun in an image 

10 USe RANSAC - on top results to find the most matching set of images

11 USe Global color and tesxture of the entire region in structural information 

12 Use Hough Transform to find the shape of shirts as shown in the slides

Possible future work-
1. SIFT transform is not affine invariant. Although it does perform well. Try to change the feature extractor such that it also takes into account the affine transform


Tasks
0. Rapid Object Detection using a cascade of features
1. Segmentation of image to find the shirt
r2. SIFT feature extraction
3. SURF feature extraction
4. MSER feature extraction
5. make a kd tree in MATLAB 
6 Read Indexing from the Image search paper - thousands to billions

